I searched and I peeked when I first heard the noise. Something or someone was in with the toys. I slithered and crawled for a peak of a glimpse. It must be some fairies or holiday imps. I got up the nerve to go to the door, a door that was decorated, bolted, and locked. I didn't know it when I entered the room, the surprise, the amazement, or even the shock. Now, I'm usually calm, not very loud, or even known to be a ranter, but what do you say when you sneak up on Santa? My jaw dropped when our eyes finally met. I knew right then 'twas a moment I would never forget, for there he was in all his splendor. Brilliant white hair, red coat with suspenders. He was down on the floor between boxes, gifts, and ribbons galore. I couldn't move. I stayed very still. Finally, he whispered, "Sit over here. I've a moment to kill." Oh, what a feeling. Such a thrill. We chatted and laughed what seemed like an hour, but with laughs, stories, and chatter, who cares? It didn't much matter.

He spoke of many places, people and things, from toys to music to bright diamond rings. Coats made of wool, ties made of silk. He even revealed his passion for hot cocoa instead of cold milk. When I heard all the noise up in the roof, it hit me right then, I needed some proof. Where can I go? What can I get? I know, a photo. That's my best bet. I flew out the door and was back in a flash. But, oh, no, the hour had already passed, and from the noise on top of the roof, I realized that I was still without proof. I turned around slowly. I needed to know, did he leave me a hint, a tip, or a clue? Did he forget his hat or maybe a shoe? Now what am I supposed to do? I know, I'll look up the flue. I dashed to the flue, but nothing was there. I looked over here and I looked over there, when I saw something on top of the chair. My proof, I thought, was just laying right there. It wasn't a shoe, hat, or a coat. I couldn't believe it. The old guy, he left me a note.

I fell in the chair and started to stare. What it said, I didn't cut much care. I tore open the note that Santa had wrote. The words jumped out as to get my attention, and there was one thing he told me to mention. More than cakes, cocoa, or milk, shirts made of cotton or ties made of silk, hats, stockings, or a new coat. What he wants is simply a note. He said, "I've had enough eggnog, cider, and soups. My belt's getting harder to fit in the loops. And one last thing, please do me a favor. Always love Christmas, act like a kid, and pray to your savior." God bless.


